Data for the paper "There are No Bit Parts for Sign Bits in Black-Box Attacks" by Abdullah Al-Dujaili and Una-May O'Reilly

Place the contents of the `data.zip` downloaded (if you requested so at <https://goo.gl/forms/08BYk1Ex49wg5chu2>) here. Otherwise, running the code will populate this directory with data.

The `data.zip` folder should include the following.
1. `partial_derivative_exp`: contains TensorBoard logs for Figure 13 in the abstract. This is generated by the `src/experiments/partial_derivatives_exp.py` script.
2. `hamming_dist_exp`: contains TensorBoard logs for Hamming distance of the gradient of a point x to the gradient of another point x^ in B_p(x,eps). This is generated by the `experiments/hamming_dist_exp.py` script.
3. `keep_k_res`: contains data logs for the figures of Appendix A (noisy FGSM). These logs can be made into figures by the `src/utils/plt_fcts.plot_keep_k_sign_exp` function. See `plt_fcts.py` script for an example.
4. `blackbox_attack_exp`: contains the bulk of the experiments data/other figures:

   a. MNIST: 
         i. `mnist_sota_tbl.h5` performance logs of the SOTA algorithms on both l2, linf setup for mnist.
         ii. `mnist_sign_tbl.h5` same like above but for SignHunter
         
   b. CIFAR10: Same as (a.) but we have separate files for each perturbations setup
        i. `cifar10_linf_sota_tbl.h5`: performance logs of the SOTA algorithms on the cifar10 linf setup.
        ii. `cifar10_linf_sign_tbl.h5`: same like above but for SignHunter.
        iii.`cifar10_l2_sota_tbl.h5`: SOTA for CIFAR10 l2 setup
        iv. `cifar10_l2_sign_tbl.h5`: SignHunter for CIFAR10 l2 setup.
        
   c. IMAGENET: same like above,
        i. `imagenet_linf_sota_tbl.h5`
        ii. `imagenet_linf_sign_tbl.h5`
        iii. `imagenet_l2_sota_tbl.h5`
        iv. `imagenet_l2_sign_tbl.h5`
        
   d. The directory also contains `tune_tbl.h5` which generates the figure in Appendix A.
   the `*.h5` files can be read/plotted using the `src/utils/plot_fcts.plt_from_h5tbl` function. See `plt_fcts.py` script for an example.
   
 
Note 1: The downloaded data will have besides `data.zip` 3 files: 
- `challenge-data.zip`, contains the data for MNIST and CIFAR10 challenges (Fig. 17 (first 2 columns) and Tables 1 & 2 in the paper)
- `mnist_10k_nat_tbl.h5`: This is similar to 4.a.ii but it reports SignHunter performance on the 10K test MNIST images. (100% evasion with avg. 12 queries)
- `adv_ens_res.zip` contains the data used for results of the Ensemble Adv. Training (Fig. 17 (last column) and Table 3 in the paper)


Note 2: Apart from the above, the pre-trained models and datasets (mnist and cifar10 datasets) will be downloaded here when you run `src/utils/download_models.py` and `download_cifar10.py`
